hey whatever war what's up just got back
from gamestop and I bought two games I'm
going to do our unboxing of 11 will be
pokemon soulsilver obviously you already
know what it is and the other game I got
it's already open but it is new which is
weird for gamestop you know there they
always do that which is battlefield bad
company 2 I had to get it because it's
so good I don't believe how good this is
and how bad well I wouldn't even say
have mediocre bad company one was and
that one's so much better it's just
weird anyway yeah I would even say it's
better than call of duty there you go
there it is boom and my pokemon
soulsilver i'm gonna do the unboxing but
i also got the little figurine you would
get for lugia boogie and i'll open that
but i don't think i'll keep it out and
got keep it in the box after I open it
so yeah I'll put it back in anyway
unboxing it you also get the pokewalker
so i'll be a box of edits but first of
sun box actual game alright this is the
front there's the back and there's a
side so what we go open this with today
it's open it with my new samurai sword
all to mini sword all right so put it
never charged so it's a fake to fool
everyone it's a phony a big fit fully
not for resale that's funny okay
oh I saw a parody of me once and us
someone made fun of me because I like
the smell of a new game so you want like
this oh I'm like hookah someone did that
it's kind of funny looking what is here
it's like oh yeah nintendo club thing
okay it comes with the manual which is
pretty thick ah Manuel manually okay
here's the useless instructions telling
you if you look at the screen for a long
time you might go blind someone's at my
door okay here's just here go and here
is the game itself now some of the
gamestop said that some reason that
because they had they made a lot of
pokémons of this version and the gold
one that the thing might actually like
break or something so i had to get like
a warranty or something here's the
pokewalker instructions here is the
pokewalker more paper because that's
what i think of pokemon i think of paper
anyway here is
Oh pokey poke Walker hole over here
and the pokewalker
ok how that happened wrong
I don't have to put it on and is the
pokewalker read the video game and let's
unbox gonna figure
Oh
it's kind of cheap looking but it's cool
all right I'm gonna leave it out the box
hey way we go that's my unboxing yeah
expect a review for it I don't know when
but yeah it's Pokemon so it's probably
awesome so yeah that's all that's all
here's the pokewalker once again I have
to pull the time out but anyway that's
it thank you and bye